0.  A term referring to a lung disease caused by silica dust.

1.  getrusage() returns resource usage measures for either: the sum of resources (SOR) used by all threads in the calling process, 
    the SOR used by children of the calling process that was terminated and waited for, or the SOR of the calling thread. These values
    are returned in the structure pointed to in the function.
    
2.  16 members are in a variable of type struct rusage.

3.  before and after are of type struct rusage. Passing structs by value will use up a significant amount of memory as copies of the 
    structs are made, whereas new copies will not be created if one passes structs by reference. This therefore saves time needed to 
    copy such variables and helps prevent memory errors like stack overflows.
    
4.  In the for loop, c (an int) is assigned an unsigned char given by function fgetc(fp). fgetc(fp) returns a character from fp 
    as specified by its stream, which then advances its file position indicator. This continues until fgetc returns EOF 
    (if an error or the end-of-file is reached). During each iteration of the loop, c is first checked if it is an alphabetical
    character or apostrophe not in index position 0 of the word. If true, c is appended to the array word[]. Words exceeding the word
    character limit will be ignored. Otherwise, if c is numerical, the word is again ignored and word index reset for the next word.
    Lastly, if the above conditions are not met, c must be a word or punctuation, and a whole word is found. The word is terminated by 
    adding a \0 to the end of the word array, and all information related to this process updated (such as word count).
    
5.  Using fscanf with format string '%s' will cause the function to read subsequent characters until a whitespace is found. This may cause
    fscanf to read in punctuation in the text (in addition to the original word), which complicates the spell-checking process.

6.  Adding a const keyword declares a variable to be read-only and will never be changed. This helps ensure a degree of safety in the
    check() and load() functions - the words being spell-checked and the dictionary the word is checked against will not be altered.
